README.md, before:

[![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/io.github.justincase-jp/jackson-kotlin-commons.svg)](
  https://jitpack.io/#io.github.justincase-jp/jackson-kotlin-commons
)
[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/justincase-jp/Jackson-Kotlin-Commons/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](
  https://circleci.com/gh/justincase-jp/Jackson-Kotlin-Commons
)

Jackson Kotlin Commons
===
Pluggable Kotlin utilities for JSON serialization with Jackson.

## Polymorphic
Sealed-class based polymorphic type serialization.

#### Usage

```kotlin
sealed class Option<out T> {
  companion object : Polymorphic
}

data class Some<out T>(val value: T) : Option<T>()

object None : Option<Nothing>() {
  override fun toString() = "None"
}

fun main() {
  val mapper = jacksonObjectMapper().registerModule(PolymorphicModule())

  println(mapper.writeValueAsString(Some(30))) // {"type":"Some","value":30}
  println(mapper.writeValueAsString(None)) // {"type":"None"}
  println(mapper.readValue<Option<String>>("""{"type":"Some","value":"abc"}""")) // Some(value=abc)
  println(mapper.readValue<Option<String>>("""{"type":"None"}""")) // None
}
```

#### Installation

```kotlin
repositories {
  maven("https://jitpack.io")
}
dependencies {
  implementation("io.github.justincase-jp:jackson-kotlin-commons:$VERSION")
}
```

Commit message:

Implement `Polymorphic` to handle this as a polymorphic type

README.md, after:

[![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/io.github.justincase-jp/jackson-kotlin-commons.svg)](
  https://jitpack.io/#io.github.justincase-jp/jackson-kotlin-commons
)
[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/justincase-jp/Jackson-Kotlin-Commons/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](
  https://circleci.com/gh/justincase-jp/Jackson-Kotlin-Commons
)

Jackson Kotlin Commons
===
Pluggable Kotlin utilities for JSON serialization with Jackson.

## Polymorphic
Sealed-class based polymorphic type serialization.

#### Basic usage

```kotlin
sealed class Option<out T> {
  companion object : Polymorphic // Implement `Polymorphic` to handle this as a polymorphic type
}

data class Some<out T>(val value: T) : Option<T>()

object None : Option<Nothing>() {
  override fun toString() = "None"
}

fun main() {
  val mapper = jacksonObjectMapper().registerModule(PolymorphicModule())

  println(mapper.writeValueAsString(Some(30))) // {"type":"Some","value":30}
  println(mapper.writeValueAsString(None)) // {"type":"None"}
  println(mapper.readValue<Option<String>>("""{"type":"Some","value":"abc"}""")) // Some(value=abc)
  println(mapper.readValue<Option<String>>("""{"type":"None"}""")) // None
}
```

#### Installation

```kotlin
repositories {
  maven("https://jitpack.io")
}
dependencies {
  implementation("io.github.justincase-jp:jackson-kotlin-commons:$VERSION")
}
```
